oh that's glorious sunshine belonging
foliage yes we come jump into the water
it is not far cry 3 that we are here
maybe they spielmann it to the optics
it's just classic that again
was reissued for the ps3 and that
original but there were already for pc before
Many many years in ten years
and yes he has actually already all
the elements that are so far cry 3 now
as new players of the tc came know
So you could drive around with jeeps
Concert since a dropout is very
many liberties various weapons
Do they even have the navi means that
binoculars with which you mark opponents
You can be a bit tactical
plan everything and then there is even
this sequence was because of the
air flies with the glider exactly so
that has the original
and that came to me from crytek at that time and
ubisoft then the series after that
you actually just copied I'd say
So the only thing that did not exist then
it but the hunt anyway controversial
yes it does not matter that it is not now
not necessarily also this whole
rpg elements of the final at the original
yes I have a straight up school
very fast for console games like
find and we soon got through
this island has a lot of freedom
my movement so the levels are very
very broad and you always have
in options like you want to go four
So you can say I'm sneaking
dear and I try it a bit
to make tactical or do so full
of course it does not work
problem, of course , the opponents react
also a bit on it so if you
Now you have to go through with a crash
to reckon with more resistance
yes and the card is also a special
So they are sometimes really extreme
Well
almost a bit unfair
even if you're in the bushes somewhere
hoxton guesses as usual somewhere and
suddenly we are not 20 types ass
so beautiful from today's point of view
the story is not that nice either
was totally stupid even then
You play types in the Hawaiian shirt
an island lands where mutants are and
a dr warrior there the future of
humanity we might be able to plan
one at this exit the
international shipping routes here
Can I perform my work without
to be disturbed by the outside world
It will not be easy, but the future
Mankind depends on the success of mine
research I will succeed
a clearer one like me
still find the worst
Combinations endures and villains
god what but ask a little good at
at leveldesign there they are
then really big trouble giving it
even with the classic variant so that you
old beautiful mixas from these open
island worlds and the see in level
just new from the classic edition
of course now on console
adapted is one has a weapon wheel
and can only gun four
at the same time yes okay
to steer better up to half the gamepad
which is not even that's just the optics
meanwhile
I played the pc version at that time
we come now so the graphic so
even the previously in this island area
that was very sweet at the time
already well that was one of buntesten
players of all times
just three against what is on it is
the classic edition does not work
really fluid should not really
his
yes, I think we also have one
few small bugs and soundbox especially
yes could be better
and by the way, we even the whole
Seeing time these are the two genes
I'm not as sure as the mobile
iron time the mutants that has to be yes and
it should be that little horror aspect in the
his game
It is already extreme today
ridiculous and even then has me
incredibly annoyed because you stop later
no more against these smart people
fight but brave these mutants
and they are just real or ugly
really bad maybe yes again
as a small conclusion I sum up every one of it
the pc would have played for example
I do not recommend it anymore
to play because the ps3 version is just
just no real hd version or
that's it
straight up place and has some problems
and the game is also today
just not as good as back then
i just know things have changed
and meet the claims
But if you still want to make up for it, yes
take a look